Rebrand from EventStore to Kurrent (#828)
EventStore/documentation: docs/tutorials/Encryption-At-Rest.md

order: 2
---

## Tutorial: Setting up and using Encryption-At-Rest in KurrentDB

The **Encryption-At-Rest** feature provides encryption for KurrentDB to secure database chunk files, ensuring data protection even if an attacker gains access to the physical disk. This step-by-step guide will walk you through the process of enabling and configuring this feature, including generating master keys and applying encryption.

#### Prerequisites:

> * [KurrentDB 24.10 LTS installed and running.](@server/quick-start/installation.md)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [EventStoreDB 24.10 LTS or later  installed and running.](@server/quick-start/installation.md)  
```

* [License key](@server/quick-start/installation.md#license-keys) for Encryption-At-Rest (a valid license is required to use this feature).  
* Basic understanding of KurrentDB, encryption principles, and key management.

### Step 1: Verify license key

Ensure you have a valid **license key** to use the Encryption-At-Rest feature. Without this license, the feature will not be functional.

### Step 2 (optional): Confirm Encryption-At-Rest availability

> By default, Encryption-At-Rest is bundled with KurrentDB 24.20 LTS. You can confirm its availability in the KurrentDB logs. Look for the following log message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Encryption-At-Rest is bundled with EventStoreDB 24.10 and later versions. You can confirm its availability in the KurrentDB logs. Look for the following log message:
```

(Note the update from 24.20 to 24.10)
